README.md, before:

# Enumerables
> In this project, I implemented my version of Ruby’s enumerable methods.
I created a script file and added the new methods into the existing Enumerable module.
The project requirements are [here](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/ruby-programming/lessons/advanced-building-blocks#project-2-enumerable-methods).


![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60085697/79511014-d5a0ae00-8014-11ea-9e8d-c0aae2c5c621.png)

## Built With

- Ruby 2.6.5p114,
- Visual Studio Code 1.43.2

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://repl.it/@RossielCarranza/Enumerables)


## Getting Started
### Prerequisites

- OS: MacOS, Ubuntu or a Virtual Machine,
- Code editor,
- Ruby


## Author

👤 **Rossiel Carranza**

- Github: [@RossielCS](https://github.com/RossielCS)
- Linkedin: [Rossiel Carranza](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rossiel-carranza-1666b11a1/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](lic.url) licensed.

Commit message:

Apply required changes
- Update README
- Remove the shift method in my_inject to fix issue

README.md, after:

# Enumerables
> In this project, I implemented my version of Ruby’s enumerable methods.
I created a script file and added the new methods into the existing Enumerable module.
The project requirements are [here](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/ruby-programming/lessons/advanced-building-blocks#project-2-enumerable-methods).


![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60085697/79680772-db032180-81e9-11ea-98db-2f5eb69c4cf9.png)

## Built With

- Ruby 2.6.5p114,
- Visual Studio Code 1.43.2,
- Rubocop,
- Git

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://repl.it/@RossielCarranza/Enumerables)

## Features
These are the cloned methods:
- each,
- each_with_index,
- select,
- all?,
- any?,
- none?,
- count,
- map,
- inject

Also, as additional features:
- multiply_els method to test my_inject,
- Changed my_map method to take either a proc or a block.

## Getting Started
### Prerequisites

- OS: MacOS, Ubuntu or a Virtual Machine,
- Code editor,
- Ruby

### Setup
Here is a helpful [link](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/ruby-programming/lessons/installing-ruby-ruby-programming) to The Odin Project with instructions on how to install Ruby Language.


## Author

👤 **Rossiel Carranza**

- Github: [@RossielCS](https://github.com/RossielCS)
- Linkedin: [Rossiel Carranza](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rossiel-carranza-1666b11a1/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/RossielCS/Enumerables/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](lic.url) licensed.
